hiring-reponsibilities Adds hiring responsibilites to sfia. (#536)
madetech/handbook: roles/sfia/lead_software_engineer.md

- Can navigate complex stakeholder and organisational environments
- Able to support and manage multiple workstreams, while delivering within one or more of those workstreams
- Able to coordinate and manage supplier, partner and customer staff alongside Made Tech

> - Able to lead interviews for Senior Engineers to Engineer 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Able to lead hiring interviews for Engineer 1 to Senior Engineer candidates
```
